Update instructions (#227)
renuo/applications-setup-guide: ruby_on_rails/sidekiq.md

They will help you having a proper system to do background work.
We use [sidekiq](https://github.com/mperham/sidekiq) because it works well on Heroku and is easy to setup (suckerpunch for example causes memory issues on Heroku).

> * Add the following gem `gem 'sidekiq'` to the `production` block and install it

Author: After discussion with @macav i agree: we should distinguish: If you have the sidekiq-cron in place, you most likely want to use sidekiq also in development so you can test scheduled tasks. But if possible it should be only in `production`.

Reviewer: Yes, that's true. Is also possibile that you use features of sidekiq not available in activejob and therefore you want to use it also in development and test. 
Still, this is a **setup** guide: you usually will do it like that, but of course you are free to change the configuration in the specific project to best fit the project's needs.

> * Add the following gem `gem 'sidekiq'` (to the `production` session only!) and install it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the following gem `gem 'sidekiq'` to the `production` block and install it
```
